Describe internal working of the app (#21)
spaceapi-community/my-hackerspace: README.md

<!--<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.spaceapi.community.myhackerspace"><img width="200" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png" alt="Get it on Google Play"></a> -->
<a href="https://f-droid.org/en/packages/io.spaceapi.community.myhackerspace/"><img width="200" src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="Get it on F-Droid"></a>

## How it works

The app will get the list of hackspaces from [https://directory.spaceapi.io](https://directory.spaceapi.io).

> You can then choose the app by its name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then choose the space by its name from a list.
```

> When the app is chosen, the spaceapi data is retrieved from a different url
> belonging to the hackspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the space is chosen, the associated data is retrieved from the space's
SpaceAPI endpoint (which is registered in the SpaceAPI directory).
```

> If you like to add your Hackspace endpoint, have a look at
> [the SpaceAPI website](https://spaceapi.io/provide-an-endpoint/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to add your space to the directory, have a look at
[the SpaceAPI website](https://spaceapi.io/provide-an-endpoint/).
```

### The Widget

> The image for the widget is specifed in the Hackspace endpoind specified as JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image for the widget is specified in the SpaceAPI endpoint JSON.
```

> Have a look at the [schema documentation](https://spaceapi.io/docs/) to make your
> hackspace more pretty!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the [schema documentation](https://spaceapi.io/docs/) to make your
widget more pretty!
```
